mpm_event conflicts with php (#30)
owncloud/docs-server: modules/admin_manual/pages/installation/manual_installation/server_prep_ubuntu_20.04.adoc

sudo apt install libapache2-mod-php apache2
----

> See the important note using the correct xref:installation/manual_installation/manual_installation_apache.adoc#multi-processing-module-mpm[Multi-Processing Module (MPM)].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the important note on using the correct xref:installation/manual_installation/manual_installation_apache.adoc#multi-processing-module-mpm[Multi-Processing Module (MPM)].
```

> Even not supported by ownCloud, you can configure Apache to use `php-fpm`, the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Although it's not supported by ownCloud, you can configure Apache to use `php-fpm`, the
```
